Add env for sensitive logging (#56)
demisto/demisto-py: CHANGELOG.md

[1]: https://pypi.org/project/demisto-py/#history

## 2.0.20

> * Prevent headers from being logged when `DEMISTO_EXCEPTION_HEADER_LOGGING` environment variable is set to false.

Reviewer: Need to update this.

> * Prevent headers from being logged when `DEMISTO_EXCEPTION_HEADER_LOGGING` environment variable is set to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Log only headers in exceptions when `DEMISTO_EXCEPTION_HEADER_LOGGING` environment variable is set to true. This protects against possible sensitive data being logged in exceptions.
```
